welcome back gamers shall Mac here with
you with a quick unboxing / rant this is
a brand new copy of the PlayStation Vita
virtua tennis for or world edition world
tour edition pick this up today is about
four days before the advance or four or
five days before the advance copies of
the PSP are the PS Vita system go live
I'm not sure why the games are out this
early but anyway I bought one so I guess
their marketing strategy worked give you
guys a look at the front cover of the
case about a huge selection of games
available right now this is one that I
did plan on picking up so I was happy it
was a comic mischief I hope it's not
comic mischief in a tennis game but
anyway yeah so was planning on picking
this up some it's cool that it was
available early there's the side they're
very small case guys there's my hand
there's the case I don't have a big hand
so there you go I already opened this so
it's not a true unboxing but yeah I just
got to show you guys something Thank
open with one hand there we go what do
you guys see or not see no instructions
no quick reference guide for the
controls no pamphlets no epilepsy
information you know no warnings nothing
absolutely nothing in here other than
the other than the chips of the card for
the actual game quite disappointing I
understand why they do that to save
money you know save the environment and
all that good stuff but this is a fifty
dollar product and I'd like content I'd
like actual value for my money I'm sure
the games great room i'm looking forward
to playing it but for the love of god
you got to put something in the case I
mean not maybe call me old-school right
I loved opening up the old nest boxes
and having piles of papers come out felt
like I was actually getting something
right this is pretty pretty lackluster
so yeah I just ate I don't like the way
the industry is going i just want to
make a video about it you guys have some
of you guys might have different views
on that but that's cool you know leave a
comment if you don't like don't like my
way of thinking or if you do agree with
me leave a comment it's all good I just
want to let you guys know that yeah PS
Vita games nothing inside so there you
go guys thanks for watching